What color is your Bugatti?
I have to go to work today—change your language—I get to go to work today.
The man who goes to the gym every single day regardless of how he feels will always beat the man who goes to the gym when he feels like going to the gym.
Women wear makeup because men fall in love with what they see—men lie because women fall in love with what they hear.
Showing the most emotion doesn’t mean you feel the most emotion.
What color is your Bugatti?
I have to go to work today—change your language—I get to go to work today.
The man who goes to the gym every single day regardless of how he feels will always beat the man who goes to the gym when he feels like going to the gym.
Women wear makeup because men fall in love with what they see—men lie because women fall in love with what they hear.
Showing the most emotion doesn’t mean you feel the most emotion.
Emotional control isn’t a lack of emotion; it’s a necessary function of maturity.
Can a tree grow to the heights of heaven, without roots in hell?
Fear not the man who appears dark with a heart of love; but the man who appears as a beacon of hope, whose roots you do not know the depth of.
There is no light without dark.
There is no joy without pain.
If you don’t know anybody rich, you’re not useful to somebody rich.
The world is who and what you know.
The internet is the new battleground of earth, the wild west, the place of truth and opportunity.
Success loves speed.
Even with no wings, if it’s going forward fast enough, it will not hit the ground.
There is nothing fake about belief.
Most of you are lying to yourselves, but some of you aren’t and you’ll prove it to the world.
Life is a game of chess, chess is life.
The King’s limited movement in chess represents limitations in life as a man.
A Queen has unlimited movement because of her beauty.
Sadness is universal. A constant. It is here to stay.
My biggest victories in life were when I was sad.
I never vastly improved my life when I was happy.
You must put in the effort to get the life you want.
There are dark forces trying to penetrate the minds of the youth.
You cannot buy my principles.
You’re stressing over the stuff you shouldn’t.
Become strong, honorable, and dutiful.
Become the best versions of yourselves.
Reject weakness in any form.
Do not blindly obey your emotions.
Do not give up on conquest.
The faster you work, the more work you get done.
You can become rich, you can become strong, you can take care of your loved ones and enjoy the fact it will be very difficult.
The best and fastest way to obtain wealth does not guarantee it will feel easy or fast.
Focus on what’s best for yourself.
Do not listen to the weak on how to become strong.
Do not listen to the corrupted on anything.
Searching for my favorite feeling has built me an exceptional life.
Happiness is the hedonistic highway to addictions.
Society has conditioned men to believe we should be happy.
If you’re a man of any value at all, you will be overworked and underappreciated.
The temporary satisfaction of quitting is outweighed by the eternal suffering of being a nobody.
When I train, I train like an animal.
There’s no emotion in money-making.
Stop wasting cognition on nonsense.
The amount of stress you can tolerate while remaining effective is directly correlated to the level of success you will enjoy.
Stress tolerance is the best indicator of a person’s likelihood of success.
Success is always stressful.
The elite can stay focused on the task, be aware of the danger, and convert stress to adrenaline in real-time.
Always pay your friends.
Broke people try to make money because they want to buy things.
Rich people try to make money because they want to meet people.
There is a reason a millionaire wants to be a billionaire.
Why be rich if you can’t break speed limits and live above the law?
Why have money if you’re still a nobody in the eyes of the government?
Being rich is better than you even imagine it to be.
The idea that rich people are unhappy is nonsense propagated to prevent revolts of the poor.
How can more options and fewer concerns about how you survive to make you less happy?
Poor people like to believe the rich are mysteriously unhappy to feel better about being poor.
Being a loser is not okay.
I always win because I genuinely can’t take losing.
There are multi-millionaire men in the world living their dream lives while you struggle to pay the bills.
Nothing infuriates me faster than amateurism.
When’s the last time you prevented the negative as opposed to dealing with it?
It’s amazing how amateurism ripples into dumb moves.
Big amateur moves are born from small mistakes.
In business, I won’t stand the tiniest mistakes.
Operate as close as possible to perfection.
Only true freedom is a powerful network and lots of money.
Depression is motivation’s toxic waste.
Everything must be fought for, obtained, and held.
As a man, you must be battle-ready.
Understand that everything of value you have, someone else wants it.
Fatigue makes cowards of us all.
The most important skill you need as a man is the ability to manipulate opponents and pick your battles.
You won’t break if you constantly bend.
Most of you men are not angry enough.
If you had genuine tenacity and genuine guidance, you’d be a millionaire in fantastic shape in less than a year.
As a man—when things are not the way you want them to be—the natural result is anger.
Everybody can preach positivity in the sunshine.
Reading is for people who can’t afford or aren’t brave enough to learn lessons for real.
Learning something doesn’t make you smart.
How quickly you learn—makes you smart.
Smart people think quickly.
Fear doesn’t prevent action in a brave man.
If failure makes you stronger, you can never lose.
You’re nothing as a man until you make yourself something.
You have to give up the peace of mind for an extraordinary life.
The only true peace of mind is to care about nothing, achieve nothing, and be nothing.
The world is going to be a dark place and this is only the beginning.
If you thought it was hard to make money before, you don’t know what hard is.
College is a matrix-sanctioned control mechanism.
Understand that as people become poor, the money hasn’t vanished—someone else is becoming rich.
Struggle makes you a man.
Are you good enough on your worst day to beat your opponents on their best day?
Sometimes in life, there is simply no room for error.
You’ve never pushed yourself because you believe the goal can never be achieved.
You will never get rich without a plan.
The Matrix wants you to lose hope.
Life as a man will always be hard.
You are only so comfortable living without an edge because you’ve never exploited one in the first place.
Once you have a few million cash, then you can start thinking about “passive” income.
Spoiled children will forever stay broke as they deserve.
There is no replacement for effort.
Cost is the enemy of the poor man, so the poor try to save money.
Time is the enemy of the rich man, so the rich try to save time.
Saving cash to lose time is a subliminal message that your time isn’t effective.
The harder you work, the more important you become.
The more important you are, the more important your friends will be.
You can choose what you hear and experience.
Programming is happening every moment of every second.
We will either live the life of our dreams or die trying.
Those without any money or network sovereignty at all should be stressed, you need to get rich now.
Breakfast breeds arrogance and laziness.
I start my day with hunger and memories.
Aspire to be a man who can do whatever he wants, when he wants.
The minimum requirements to be a winner are achievable.
The quitter is the most useless class of man.
The absolute best thing about being a man is you’re born worth nothing and can choose what you want to be.
You must risk your life at war to bring honor to your last name.
If you love yourself, you will build yourself.
Learn to enjoy pain.
Goals mean nothing without a plan.
If you genuinely desire something, the universe will provide it to you.
Dreams don’t come true? You simply didn’t want it enough.
The educational systems have spiraled costs ridiculously beyond inherent value along with providing an unimpressive product.
A degree is more expensive every year yet more of them exist every year.
Sloppy in one area of life results in sloppiness in all areas of your life.
True Professionals understand that everything can be done at a professional standard.
Every day that you make the wrong choice, more of your potential is wasted.
No exceptional person ever lived like an average person.
Most people do not reach Valhalla because the natural reaction to breaking records is that it is meant to be rare.
Anything less than breaking your current record should be alarming.
When you’ve broken a record, that record is now a new standard.
Listen to rich people.
Investing is the easiest example of your network is your net worth.
You are only as good as the influences around you.
You become who you surround yourself with.
Most of you are used to being influenced towards slavery, you don’t even notice the pull anymore.
Most people waste time because they don’t know what to do.
The amount of work you find to do is directly correlated to how much you actually care.
The true coin enthusiast can always re-polish that coin he adores.
The great tragedy slowly falling on the world will be a great opportunity.
In volatile times, you need to be fast.
The sloth doesn’t understand the definition of speed until he surrounds himself with a cheetah.
The level of sloth at which you live is unacceptable for any man with any ambition for greatness.
The winning position is constantly shifting.
If you want people to care who you are—become familiar with pain.